Needed packages for linux users (#244)
entropia/tip-toi-reveng: README.md

We release `tttool` for Windows and Linux users as a zipfile. You can find them
in the [releases section](https://github.com/entropia/tip-toi-reveng/releases)
of the GitHub project.  

> For Linux users:
> - Install libttspico-utils: `sudo apt install libttspico-utils`
> - Install vorbis-tools: `sudo apt install vorbis-tools`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Linux users likely want to install additional packages. On Debian or Ubuntu, run `sudo apt install libttspico-utils vorbis-tools`
```

Reviewer: This might be easier to understand, what do you think? (Not all Linux users have `apt install`)
